Improve chart documentation and best practices (#25601)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/helm-reference/teleport-cluster.mdx

`auth.teleportConfig` contains YAML teleport configuration for auth pods.
The configuration will be merged with the chart-generated configuration

> and will take precedence in case of conflict. This fields allows to customize

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and will take precedence in case of conflict. This field allows customization of/overrides to
```

`proxy.teleportConfig` contains YAML teleport configuration for proxy pods
The configuration will be merged with the chart-generated configuration

> and will take precedence in case of conflict. This fields allows to customize

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and will take precedence in case of conflict. This field allows customization of/overrides to
```

| `gcp`        | [Running an HA Teleport cluster using a Google Cloud GKE cluster](../../deploy-a-cluster/helm-deployments/gcp.mdx) |
| `scratch`    | [Running a Teleport cluster with a custom config](../../deploy-a-cluster/helm-deployments/custom.mdx)              |

<Admonition type="warning">
Using the `scratch` chart mode is discouraged. Precise chart and Teleport

> knowledge is to write a working cluster configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
knowledge is required to write a fully working cluster configuration.
```
